Venis must change its name...
Venis民の証人法廷の罰
To inner circumcision
dokundu un 넅
The shot is in the forehead
The檳 movie is a special edition
There is no meaning behind this
Venis is the law stone
Gamma you can not
Those knock the مت
I heard that it is necessary to have one person in the whole country, but is it necessary?
Yes, I am asking you to do so.
Is there any objection to the constitution?
No.
Then, if you have to pay the tax,
what is the reason for saying that it is not necessary?
Please accept it.
Tax is not something that should be paid without any reason.
Tax is a gift for the spring,
and it is a gift to those who are in need of it.
Tax is double.
Tax is a blessing to those who are left behind,
and a blessing to those who are accepted.
Tax is for those who become rich,
and it is a blessing to those who become rich.
If this benefit is in the heart of the emperor,
it will be a golden crown.
The crown that the emperor can hold in his hand
is nothing more than a mark of power and dignity
that can be found in this body,
but the interest is a treasure that lives in the heart that cannot be seen.
It is a blessing of God, the immortal.
Therefore, with the interest,
the holy spirit will swim gently,
and the holy path will be the first heavenly path.
The power of man is the first thing that is similar to the power of God.
Therefore, it is important.
You claim to be the only one who is righteous,
but if you only judge with justice,
there is no one among us who can be saved.
Please open up to each other and pray to God.
It is the human nature to punish the heart
and give up self-pity to others.
The person who says the word is to
make the person's whole life a blessing.
If you can do that,
the strict law of Venice
must not give the person who is there
a blessing.
If you are in trouble, please take your life.
I ask for your money.
Do you not pay the money?
No, I will pay the money in return.
I will pay you twice the amount.
If you still do not pay,
you will be punished by the court.
I ask for your money.
Thank you for watching.